Add Brain Data Modeling Hackashop page (#265)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwb_hackathons: linkml_neurodata_hackashop_2024/README.md

     - **From Oakland International Airport** Take the BART conector train from the Airport to the Oakland Coliseum station and transfer to the Richmond (orange) train to Downtown Berkeley BART station. 
     - [BART online schedule](https://www.bart.gov/planner)
     - [GoogleMap](https://www.google.com/maps/place/International+Computer+Science+Institute/@37.8700159,-122.2695811,18z/data=!3m2!4b1!5s0x80857e9eacbaf82b:0x71414272a685c989!4m6!3m5!1s0x80857e99566a4815:0x9226568954e914ed!8m2!3d37.8700159!4d-122.2685444!16s%2Fg%2F1vb9d8mq?entry=ttu)
 - **LBNL (Bonus Hacking Days):**  Building 59 (Shyh Wang Hall) is located on the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory campus. See the [static](https://www2.lbl.gov/Workplace/lab-site-map.html) and 
   [interactive](https://map.lbl.gov/#ctdl-UMAP_2012091840117,BLD_2013013161357) LBNL site map for details. 

>     - **Directions:** From Downtown Berkeley take the Blue LBNL Shuttle to Building 65 and walk up Perlmutter Road (across the road) to get to Building 59. ([Shuttle Schedule](https://commute.lbl.gov/resource/shuttle-buses/maps-routes-schedules/blue-route/))([Interactive Shuttle Map](https://lbnl.tripshot.com/g/tms/Public.html#RoutePlace:{%22regionId%22:%22CA558DDC-D7F2-4B48-9CAC-DEEA1134F820%22,%20%22date%22:{%22year%22:2024,%20%22month%22:2,%20%22day%22:5},%20%22routeOrRouteGroupId%22:%224C323EB6-C911-4446-8DCB-33593A881548%22,%20%22noNav%22:false}))

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Directions:** From Downtown Berkeley take the Blue LBNL Shuttle to Building 65 and walk up Perlmutter Road (across the road) to get to Building 59. ([Shuttle Schedule](https://commute.lbl.gov/resource/shuttle-buses/maps-routes-schedules/blue-route/))([Interactive Shuttle Map](http://tinyurl.com/fz3fr7jr))
```
